# Inventory
The plan for this repository is to present the HTML/PHP pages used to fashion a simple inventory system for a school district's technology equipment. It is intended as a low-key aid for use by IT support personnel who have some familiarity with the various technologies: PHP, MySQL, HTML. It does not pretend to be more than that, certainly not an enterprise-level solution.

Inventory management involves different sorts of items (computers, printers, projectors), different attributes of those items (model numbers, item types, i.e. laserjet printer, inkjet printer, etc.), locations (buildings, rooms inside buildings), and other features. Of course, that means bringing in a backend database to hold all this information. This system is specifically designed for keeping track of the following devices: comptuers and computer-like devices (tablets, chromebooks, etc.), printers, and smartboards and similar display-oriented teaching hardware along with their related projectors.

So, while the Web pages included here create a site that works well and has proven very useful, the code requires a backend MySQL database to hold the information referenced or manipulated by the many PHP queries. The database layout is described in the Wiki as are directions for populating its tables from whatever system you presently employ: spreadsheets, sticky notes, whatever. The pages are complete and ready to use and should be copied into the /var/www directory as described, again, in the Wiki.

